README.rst, before:

=============================
Django-Web3-Auth
=============================

.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/django-web3-auth.svg
    :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/django-web3-auth

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/Bearle/django-web3-auth.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/Bearle/django-web3-auth

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/Bearle/django-web3-auth/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
    :target: https://codecov.io/gh/Bearle/django-web3-auth

django-web3-auth is a pluggable Django app that enables login/signup via an Ethereum wallet (a la CryptoKitties). The user authenticates themselves by digitally signing the session key with their wallet's private key.

Documentation
-------------

The full documentation is at https://django-web3-auth.readthedocs.io.

Quickstart
----------
django-web3-auth has no releases yet, you'll need to install it from repository::

    pip install https://github.com/Bearle/django-web3-auth/archive/master.zip

When it becomes available on pypi, install Django-Web3-Auth with pip::

    pip install django-web3-auth

Add it to your `INSTALLED_APPS`:

.. code-block:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'web3auth.apps.Web3AuthConfig',
        ...
    )
Set `'web3auth.backend.Web3Backend'` as your authentication backend:
.. code-block:: python

    AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS = ['web3auth.backend.Web3Backend']

Add Django-Web3-Auth's URL patterns:

.. code-block:: python

    from web3auth import urls as web3auth_urls


    urlpatterns = [
        ...
        url(r'^', include(web3auth_urls)),
        ...
    ]

Features
--------

* TODO

Things to cover in docs
-----------------------
1. Installation
2. Overview of the login/signup process
3. Quickstart
4. Configuration
5. API signup/login
6. Forms & views, normal signup login
7. Usage with allauth, allauth-2fa
8. Supported web3 providers
9. Example project

- how to deal with passwords (which are not set during signup)


Running Tests
-------------

Does the code actually work?

::

    source <YOURVIRTUALENV>/bin/activate
    (myenv) $ pip install tox
    (myenv) $ tox

Credits
-------

Tools used in rendering this package:

*  Cookiecutter_
*  `cookiecutter-djangopackage`_

.. _Cookiecutter: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter
.. _`cookiecutter-djangopackage`: https://github.com/pydanny/cookiecutter-djangopackage

Commit message:

Added login_redirect_url to example Added login, auto_login template views to urls Added working login, autologin to example templates Deleted old js, added callbacks in web3auth.js Removed templates in pkg, replaced with base Added couple of things to readme to explain to user

README.rst, after:

=============================
Django-Web3-Auth
=============================

.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/django-web3-auth.svg
    :target: https://badge.fury.io/py/django-web3-auth

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/Bearle/django-web3-auth.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/Bearle/django-web3-auth

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/Bearle/django-web3-auth/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
    :target: https://codecov.io/gh/Bearle/django-web3-auth

django-web3-auth is a pluggable Django app that enables login/signup via an Ethereum wallet (a la CryptoKitties). The user authenticates themselves by digitally signing the session key with their wallet's private key.

Documentation
-------------

The full documentation is at https://django-web3-auth.readthedocs.io.

Quickstart
----------
django-web3-auth has no releases yet, you'll need to install it from repository::

    pip install https://github.com/Bearle/django-web3-auth/archive/master.zip

When it becomes available on pypi, install Django-Web3-Auth with pip::

    pip install django-web3-auth

Add it to your `INSTALLED_APPS`:

.. code-block:: python

    INSTALLED_APPS = (
        ...
        'web3auth.apps.Web3AuthConfig',
        ...
    )
Set `'web3auth.backend.Web3Backend'` as your authentication backend:
.. code-block:: python

    AUTHENTICATION_BACKENDS = ['web3auth.backend.Web3Backend']

Add Django-Web3-Auth's URL patterns:

.. code-block:: python

    from web3auth import urls as web3auth_urls


    urlpatterns = [
        ...
        url(r'^', include(web3auth_urls)),
        ...
    ]

Features
--------

* TODO

Things to cover in docs
-----------------------
1. Installation
2. Overview of the login/signup process
3. Quickstart
4. Configuration
5. API signup/login
6. Forms & views, normal signup login
7. Usage with allauth, allauth-2fa
8. Supported web3 providers
9. Example project

- how to deal with passwords (which are not set during signup)
- why do user has to sign a message (opposed to myetherwallet & other dapps)



Running Tests
-------------

Does the code actually work?

::

    source <YOURVIRTUALENV>/bin/activate
    (myenv) $ pip install tox
    (myenv) $ tox

Credits
-------

Tools used in rendering this package:

*  Cookiecutter_
*  `cookiecutter-djangopackage`_

.. _Cookiecutter: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter
.. _`cookiecutter-djangopackage`: https://github.com/pydanny/cookiecutter-djangopackage
